Stat Qs:
MSFT:

How to Randomly Sample?
How is this normal?
How do you detect if a new observation is outlier? What is bias-variance trade off ?
Can you explain SVM to me?  
1.Can you explain the Naive Bayes fundamentals? How did you set the threshold?
2.Can you explain what MapReduce is and how it works?  
Three friends in Seattle told you it's rainy. Each has a probability of 1/3 of lying. What's the probability of Seattle is rainy.  
There are 6 marbles in a bag - 1 is white. You reach in the bag 100 times. After drawing a marble, it is placed back in the bag. What is the probability of drawing the white marble at least once?  
How to compute an inverse matrix faster by playing around with some computational tricks?  
How do you solve the L2-regularized regression problem?
How to measure distance between data point?  
Definition of variance  
Explain the bias variance tradeoff,  
Bayesian Logic
The steps for data wrangling and cleaning before applying machine learning algorithms
How to deal with unbalanced binary classification 
Describe how gradient boost works.
Generate a fair coin from a biased one. II) Generate 7 integers with equal probability from a function which returns 1/0 with probability p and (1-p).
What are the ROC curve and the meaning of sensitivity, specificity, confusion matrix  
Find max sum subsequence.  
Standard question about Bayes formula. Ill people. Test. And you need to find different quantities of interest  
Ask me to say what I now about logit  
Explain Markov Chains to a 8 years old chilf  


SalesForce

Find the minimum number of coins required for a given amount with a given set of coins.
Implement scalable top K words for Amazon product descriptions using count-min sketch.
What is the computational complexity of finding the most frequent word in a document?
Imagine you were hired by a hospital to analyze some of their patient reports. The diagnosis of each report consists of a list of disease IDs, while the body of the report is the symptoms and the medical history of the patient logged down by the doctor in natural language. Propose a model to describe the correlations between the set of symptoms and set of diseases extracted from the patient reports.
If you have 10 TBs of unstructured customer data, and you need to find some clever ways to extract valuable information of it, What do you do? Explain to me in the most technical level that you think.
Explain decision trees, multi variate regression and PCA
How to build a classifier to predict the outcome of NFL games in real time?
Explain about a project on your resume in layman terms
Explain the Assumptions and violations of K-means clustering
Describe Feature selection for Document classification
Given a Dataset explain feature importance.
Describe Logistic regression parameters, SVM.
Describe Decision Trees, Random Forests
Explain SVM to a non-technical person.
Describe your experience with qualitative and quantitative methods.
What is the difference between trees and random forest?
Based on the data we provide you what kinds of questions would you ask to prove that the programs we’re offering that generate said data are adding value to the company?
How will you design to scale billions and billions of records. How do you decide which big data tools should be used?
Explain the different type of probability distributions like ggplot.
How would you model a distribution for churn?

AMZN
How does a logistic regression model know what the coefficients are?
Difference between convex and non-convex cost function; what does it mean when a cost function is non-convex?
Is random weight assignment better than assigning same weights to the units in the hidden layer?
Given a bar plot and imagine you are pouring water from the top, how to qualify how much water can be kept in the bar chart?
What is Overfitting?
How would the change of prime membership fee would affect the market?
Why is gradient checking important?
Describe Tree, SVM, Random forest and boosting. Talk about their advantage and disadvantages.
How do you weight 9 marbles three times on a balance scale to select the heaviest one?
Find the cumulative sum of top 10 most profitable products of the last 6 month for customers in Seattle.
Describe the criterion for a particular model selection. Why is dimension reduction important?
What are the assumptions for logistic and linear regression?
If you can build a perfect (100% accuracy) classification model to predict some customer behaviour, what will be the problem in application?
The probability that item an item at location A is 0.6 , and 0.8 at location B. What is the probability that item would be found on Amazon website?
Given a ‘csv’ file with ID and Quantity columns, 50million records and size of data as 2 GBs, write a program in any language of your choice to aggregate the QUANTITY column.
Implement circular queue using an array.
When you have a time series data by monthly, it has large data records, how will you find out significant difference between this month and previous months values?
Compare Lasso and Ridge Regression.
What’s the difference between MLE and MAP inference?
Given a function with inputs — an array with N randomly sorted numbers, and an int K, return output in an array with the K largest numbers.
When users are navigating through the Amazon website, they are performing several actions. What is the best way to model if their next action would be a purchase?
Estimate the disease probability in one city given the probability is very low national wide. Randomly asked 1000 person in this city, with all negative response(NO disease). What is the probability of disease in this city?
Describe SVM.
How does K-means work? What kind of distance metric would you choose? What if different features have different dynamic range?
What is boosting?
How many topic modeling techniques do you know of?
Formulate LSI and LDA techniques.
What are generative and discriminative algorithms? What are their strengths and weaknesses? Which type of algorithms are usually used and why?”

ADOBE

How would you design a recommendation system?
Swap two integers without using a temporary variable.
How to calculate the most frequently occurring entry on a large data set over different servers?
From a given order table, describe the different data analysis that can be done.
Write term frequency–inverse document frequency function.
What is over fitting?
What is the degree of freedom for lasso?
Given two sorted arrays of integers, write a program to find a number from each array such that their sum are closest to some integer K.
Check if an integer is a palindrome without converting the integer to a string.
Generate all valid parentheses pairs from a string which contains parenthesis.
Create confidence intervals for a large finite sampled population
Describe Logit and Probit models and explain the difference between them.
What is a correlation colored plot?
Describe your any one of your research topics in detail and explain the difference between your methods and classic methods
Explain the difference between Logistic Regression and Collaborative Filtering.

Intel

How to extract pre-defined knowledge points from texts?
Given an array of integers, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to a specific target.
Describe the process to select the best model given two linear regression models for a particular problem.
What is the Kimball methodology?
Explain Eigen values.
What is merge sort?
What is HDFS? Explain the Pros and Cons of using HDFS.
What is inner join and left join in SQL?
What is linear regression?
Given two string identify if they are anagrams
Given two strings find the longest common sub-string
How will you generate a password of given length with uniform distribution of uppercase, lowercase, special character and numbers in it?
What is data normalization and why do we need it?
What is 3rd normal form and why use it?
What are the 3 types of fact tables?

Zillow

Implement a program to provide in real-time a list of the top 100 most viewed properties in the last hour. Properties are represented by a ‘zpid’ or Zillow property ID, which is a unique string.
What do you think are the factors taken into consideration to calculate the Zestimate score?
Describe an example of how you created a working predictive model in detail.
Explain overfitting and describe what steps can be taken to reduce overfitting.
In SVM why is there a need to maximize the margin between support vectors?
Calculate the median absolute error and percent of estimates within 5%, 10% and 20% of the sales price of a property.
Find N most frequently used 3-page sequences in a list of pages.
Write a program to generate Fibonacci sequence.
Given points on the Cartesian plane. Return the K points closest to the origin (0,0).
Explain Euclidean distance.
What are the different techniques to remove outliers?
Describe a way to detect anomalies in a given dataset.
Implement a KNN classifier
How do you split your data between training and validation?
Describe a model to analyze user’s browsing patterns on the Zillow website.

Walmart

What is the difference between Gradient Boosting and Random Forest?
What are the different types of Sampling methods that you have used?
Explain the difference between bagged and boosting models.
What is cross entropy?
What is multi-collinearity, how do you fix it in a regression?
What is the significance of log odds?
What is the relationship between sample size and margin of error?
What are type I and II errors?
What is F distribution?
Define parametric and non-parametric methods. Give some examples.
What are the data structures in Python? What are the data structures in the Pandas package in Python?
What are generator, iterators, list comprehension in Python?
Give some problems or scenarios where map-reduce concept works well and where it doesn’t work.
How can you design a product recommendation system based on taxonomy?
Given a dataset having employee id and manager id find the employees who are also managers ?
A person is using search engine to find something, you know nothing about her/him, how do you come up with am algorithm that will predict what she/he needs after the user types only a few letters ?
Print all the combinations in a binary tree. Use any language of your choice.
Given a sheet of data provide explanations on how you would make analyses such as linear regression and decision trees.
How would you deal with an older professional who consulted you but does not believe in your analytical results and sticks to his older methods?
Write an algorithm to know if a String is palindrome using Linked list.
